My job is done.
You can leave now.
Brother Jiang Yu, do you really not spend more time with others?
You just asked me to accompany you shopping
You can sit here is the limit of my patience
OK.
Jiang Yue
Did Chen Lin really go abroad?
Since you are so interested
Buy yourself a plane ticket to see
It doesn't have to be that troublesome
I always feel that things are not so simple
The butler sent me a car right away
I want more cold feet
Come and shake hands, be nice and change one.
If only you could be so happy forever
It turned out that Chen Lin had never been out at all
He has been hidden here by Jiang Yu
Jiang Yue, how dare you two treat me like this?
I definitely make you look good